CRAYSAT-1551: Fix sorting of product versions in sat showrev --products (#287)
Cray-HPE/sat: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [3.32.11] - 2024-11-04

### Fixed

> - Fix sorting of product versions in sat showrev --products

Reviewer: Might add a little more detail and put the command in backticks for a monospace/code font when rendered:

```suggestion
### Fixed
- Fix sorting by product version in `sat showrev --products` to sort by semantic
  version rather than a simple lexicographic order.
```

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [3.32.12] - 2024-11-04

> ### Fixed

Reviewer: Remove duplicate line

```suggestion
```
